steps for running experiments on amazon review (#765)
awslabs/graphstorm: examples/paper_experiments/README.md

This folder contains the data processing and code to reproduce the graphstorm paper results.

# Data Processing 
## Amazon Review
### Process raw dataset into parquet files
We first download the full Amazon Review dataset from https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets/amazon_v2/. 
Review data is in https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/categoryFiles/All_Amazon_Review.json.gz
Meta data is in https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/metaFiles/All_Amazon_Meta.json.gz
```
wget https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/metaFiles2/meta_Video_Games.json.gz \
-P raw_data/
```

After you unzip the above two files, we generate the parquet files as input of graph construction step. 
```
python construct_AR_items.py
python construct_AR_reviews.py
```

### Run gconstruct on process_data
In the first step, the processed data are under processed_data/amazon_review/
Once the data are processed, run the following command to construct a graph
for node classification and link prediction tasks. 

> Recommended machine: x1e.32xlarge	

Reviewer: We may need to add a link for x1e.32xlarge here for reference if anyone wants to refer the instance type for x1e.32xlarge. https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/x1e/

Reviewer 2: Can you profile the maximum memory requirement to process the data?

> The command takes `AR_Video_Games.json` that specifies the input data for graph 

Reviewer 2: The AR_Video_Games.josn file is missing.

construction, constructs the graph, and saves the parition to `amazon_review`.

```
python -m graphstorm.gconstruct.construct_graph \
           --conf-file gconstruct_configs/AR_construction_full.json \
           --output-dir datasets/amazon_review_full --graph-name amazon_review \
           --num-processes 16 --num-parts 4  --logging-level debug \
           --skip-nonexist-edges --add-reverse-edges
```

> The processed data is stored under datasets/amazon_review_full/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The processed data is stored under datasets/amazon_review_full/. The script partitions the graph into four parts.
```

### Run graphstorm training 

> By default, we use four instances for training and their ips are written in ip_list.txt

Reviewer 2: You can provide a link to a doc about how to set up distributed training.

> This folder contains the data processing and code to reproduce the graphstorm paper results.

Reviewer 2: As the paper is not published. We should say:
This folder contains the data processing and code to profile GraphStorm framework on Amazon Review dataset.

# Data Processing 
## Amazon Review
### Process raw dataset into parquet files
We first download the full Amazon Review dataset from https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets/amazon_v2/. 
Review data is in https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/categoryFiles/All_Amazon_Review.json.gz
Meta data is in https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/metaFiles/All_Amazon_Meta.json.gz
```
wget https://datarepo.eng.ucsd.edu/mcauley_group/data/amazon_v2/metaFiles2/meta_Video_Games.json.gz \
-P raw_data/
```

> After you unzip the above two files, we generate the parquet files as input of graph construction step. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you unzip the above two files, run the following two scripts to generate the input for the graph construction step.
```

```
python construct_AR_items.py
python construct_AR_reviews.py
```

### Run gconstruct on process_data

> In the first step, the processed data are under processed_data/amazon_review/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the first step, the processed data are under processed_data/amazon_review/
```
